[1.10][AWS DynamoDB] Documentation for Partition Key Metadata Field (#3052)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-state-stores/setup-dynamodb.md

The attribute name must be defined in the `ttlAttributeName` field.
See official [AWS docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/TTL.html).

## Partition Keys

> By default, the DynamoDB state store component will use the table attribute name `key` as primary/partition key in the DynamoDB table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the DynamoDB state store component uses the table attribute name `key` as primary/partition key in the DynamoDB table.
```

This can be overridden by specifying a metadata field in the component configuration with a key of `partitionKey` and a value of the desired attribute name.

> To learn more about DynamoDB primary/partition keys, see the official [AWS DynamoDB Developer Guide.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/HowItWorks.CoreComponents.html#HowItWorks.CoreComponents.PrimaryKey)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about DynamoDB primary/partition keys, read the [AWS DynamoDB Developer Guide.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/HowItWorks.CoreComponents.html#HowItWorks.CoreComponents.PrimaryKey)
```

> The following `statestore.yaml` file shows how to configure the DynamoDB state store component to use the partition key attribute name of `contractID`:

Reviewer: Just so I am clear here on the scenario, what is the scenario for using the different partitionKey? Is this because I cannot rename the primary key in the database, or I am simply wanting to write a K/V entry with a different column? It would be good to put down at least 1 scenario where this is useful.
